and all the rite you mystic here you are
let's start the card go chip like
you listen i'm an eye 40 up casually
hi author of the card author mister songs
Andrei mystic mystic is a villager
something for tearing then reinstall the cards
culture ride and work is not necessary
the garage seems to be all work in essence if you
forgot to clean okay leave that so
In general, some kind of card with mini games like
I realized yes, put it here see what is cho
where do we go first thing
my god
black already begin to read hi
mystic lager soundly mini-game cards
parkour oh this card is made specially
for you there will be mini-games parkour a and
by the way mystic follow that blogger is nothing
didn't want to blow every room by
queue enjoyable game parkour I first
has gone
what do we do on grishin jump first camp
nothing broke yes no all 1 you first
went next do not drain and not splif
mini splif mini splif to bring in the chest
empty on the other hand somewhere on combat
from the skeleton and it's generally not fair what
it's not fair come on come on come on
came back like this
and victory one camp was first fell on
sand bulk a pattern armanda van
spend the room type logician who is first to
buttons to push and I just went after
this go there really look at
the following evening 4 who will first find
damn me too I went I am the first I am the first
i found you i found i found all four
passed 31 okay lava adventure miss you
to me the first pancake I died and be able to return
this garbage how are you hear finished
I hit the wall myself through the wall
head
ok water 32 surprise war we that is
I still don’t know I don’t remember
do next blogger do yourself what un
do it.
and why do i feel bad for me and bad
take care of my ass take care mystic you
Cultural I will not finish everything
spoke gear but I didn't specifically
drove come on time killed again would you
peacefully look at spawn point
office is true and the rule is we don't
pressed
so last room where is mine
look after you coming I don't know, come on
what is against this while lags
glamor effect so they
it turns out that I won okay
friendship won you last though well
there it is alright in one trial just
went faster so I was lucky but also
as a friend, you, too, as if went faster
okay okay that she won all tente
according to
Institute like I think then
for sure you will be otherwise won I will give
many likes of a goal so nice so
be won friendship break through entity fir
friends for now if the image is this video
be sure to put a Like if you have
not delivered if they put there i
won and if on the advice alright so that
Throw won with all the luck to the new
meeting
need to see it
be very masculine zapale oh oh oh oh well
all good luck and meetings